[DO NOT MERGE] Update pages and images to support adding public providers to registry (#1941)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/registry/index.html.md

---
layout: "cloud"
page_title: "Private Registry - Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise"
description: |-
  Use the Terraform Cloud private registry to share Terraform providers and modules across your organization.
---

# Private Registry

Terraform Cloud's private registry works similarly to the [public Terraform Registry](/docs/registry/index.html) and helps you share [Terraform providers](/docs/language/providers/index.html) and [Terraform modules](/docs/language/modules/index.html) across your organization. It includes support for versioning, a searchable list of available providers and modules, and a [configuration designer](/docs/cloud/registry/design.html) to help you build new workspaces faster.

> **Hands-on:** Try the [Add Public Modules to your Private Registry](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/module-private-registry-add?in=terraform/modules) tutorial and [Share Modules in the Private Registry](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/module-private-registry?in=terraform/modules) tutorials on HashiCorp Learn.

## Public Providers and Modules

> [Public modules and providers](/docs/cloud/registry/add.html) are hosted on the public Terraform Registry and Terraform Cloud automatically synchronizes them to an organization's private registry. This lets you clearly designate which public providers and modules are recommended for the organization and makes their supporting documentation and examples centrally accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Public modules and providers](/docs/cloud/registry/add.html) are hosted on the public Terraform Registry and Terraform Cloud can automatically synchronize them to an organization's private registry. This lets you clearly designate which public providers and modules are recommended for the organization and makes their supporting documentation and examples centrally accessible.
```

Author: Added locally - will push up

> ~> **Note:** Terraform Enterprise does not support public modules and providers.

Reviewer: For these, I'm not exactly clear on what they mean. Are we telling users that TFE can't reach the public registry due to networking constraints, or is this more about support available from HashiCorp for public modules?

Author: ohh you know, I tried to make it more active and now I see why it was originally phrased the way it was. I just want to communicate that this functionality to add these things to your registry isn't available yet in TFE. 

Maybe "You cannot add public modules and providers to a private registry in Terraform Enterprise." or "Public and private modules are not supported in Terraform Enterprise." The second one is the original phrasing.

Author: I put back the original phrasing of "Public and private modules are not supported in Terraform Enterprise."  Lmk if we want to do something else here!

> ~> **Note:** Public providers and modules are not supported in Terraform Enterprise.

Reviewer 2: Same here as above.

Author: discussed offline - will keep as is for now!
